Document LegacySettings- support as discontinued delta from MSTestV1 (#1571)
microsoft/testfx: docs/delta-with-MSTestV1.md

Here are the features that are not supported:

1. Tests cannot be included into an "Ordered Test".

> 2. The`.testsettings` file does not support:
>    * Configuring The adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Changes to the `.testsettings` file:
   * Can no longer be used to configure the adapter.
```

>    * No longer support The `<LegacySettings>`so you can't use it to set attributes e.g. `DeploymentItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * No longer support the `<LegacySettings>` section, meaning you can't use it to set attributes (e.g. `DeploymentItem`).
```
